content/pages/sastry-balm.md, before:

---
title: Sastry Balm
sections:
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    content: >-
      ## Lorem ipsum


      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, **consectetur adipiscing elit**, sed do
      eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.


      - Lorem ipsum

      - dolor sit amet
    actions: []
    image_alt: lorem-ipsum
    media_position: right
    media_width: fifty
    align: left
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: true
    background_color: primary
    background_image_opacity: 0
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_position: center center
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    type: hero_section
    title: Sastry Balm
    image: /images/beige-europa.png
    background_image: /images/pexels-miguel-á-padriñán-1111368.jpg
    subtitle: Product by Kodandarama Ayurveda Nilayam
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    title: lorem-ipsum
    subtitle: lorem-ipsum
    actions: []
    grid_items: []
    grid_cols: three
    grid_gap_vert: small
    grid_gap_horiz: small
    enable_cards: false
    align: center
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: false
    background_color: none
    background_image_opacity: 0
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_position: center center
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    type: grid_section
seo:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: []
  extra: []
  type: stackbit_page_meta
layout: advanced
---

Commit message:

sastry-balm.md: updated content in sections

content/pages/sastry-balm.md, after:

---
title: Sastry Balm
sections:
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    content: >
      Sastry Balm is the prime product from the 'House of Sri Kodanadarama
      Ayurveda Nilayam'. Sri Kodandarama Ayurveda Nilayam is an Ayurvedic
      Pharmacy operated from 7 generations of Ayurvedic Specialists. The
      organisation started gaining popularity under the aegis of Sri. Vukkadapu
      Ram Mohan Rao. Sastry Balm was started manufacturing from 1993 and since
      then, it has been a household name in Andhra Pradesh.


      The Balm is thoroughly formulated using natural and tested ingredients
      that ensure to its optimum effectiveness. Sri Kodandarama Ayurveda Nilayam
      is a GMP certified Organisation by Dept. of Ayush, Govt of India. Owing to
      this, it is a reliable name in the market for the best herbal formulation
      in terms of Pain Balm
    actions: []
    image_alt: lorem-ipsum
    media_position: right
    media_width: fifty
    align: left
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: true
    background_color: primary
    background_image_opacity: 0
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_position: center center
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    type: hero_section
    title: Sastry Balm
    image: /images/beige-europa.png
    background_image: /images/pexels-miguel-á-padriñán-1111368.jpg
    subtitle: Product by Kodandarama Ayurveda Nilayam
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    title: lorem-ipsum
    subtitle: lorem-ipsum
    actions: []
    grid_items: []
    grid_cols: three
    grid_gap_vert: small
    grid_gap_horiz: small
    enable_cards: false
    align: center
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: false
    background_color: none
    background_image_opacity: 0
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_position: center center
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    type: grid_section
seo:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: []
  extra: []
  type: stackbit_page_meta
layout: advanced
---
